Site Drainage Model
===================

This example models runoff quantity and quality in a 39
acre residential subdivision. It consists of 7 subcatchments
connected to a system of swales and culverts that convey
runoff to an outfall. A single pollutant, TSS, is modeled with
three land uses that produce different rates of buildup and
washoff. An antecedent dry period of 5 days is used to allow for
an initial buildup of TSS to occur. Rainfall time series data
for several 2-hour design storms of different return periods are
provided.

Here are some suggestions for running this example:

1. The model is set up to analyze the 2-yr 2-hour storm event
   over a six hour period using Dynamic Wave flow routing with
   a 15 second variable routing time step and a five minute
   reporting step. 

2. Run the simulation and view the Status Report, taking note
   of the Continuity error.

3. Select some different summary output variables (e.g.
   subcatchment total Runoff, node Hours Flooded, link Max Degree
   Full) for viewing on the study area map.

4. Then select some output time series variables, such as
   subcatchment Runoff, link flow, node TSS, to view on the map.
   Use the Day/Time controls on the Map Browser to move back and
   forth through time.

   (Note: you may need to edit the map legends so that their
    colors will capture the range of the variable being viewed.)

5. Try generating some other types of reports, such as a time series
   plot and a profile plot.

6. Select a different return period storm for the Rain Gage and
   see how it affects runoff hydrographs and TSS pollutographs.

7. Modify the model to run a continuous simulation as follows:
   a. Edit the rain gage and change its Data Source to File, click
      on the File Name field and specify the rain data file named 
      sta310301.dat.
   b. Edit the Simulation Options as follows:
      i. change the Routing Method to Kinematic Wave
      ii. make the End Date 01-02-2000 (for a 2-year simulation)
      iii. change the Routing Time Step to 5 minutes.

8. Run the simulation (it may take several minutes). Try generating
   a Statistics Report to see how the magnitude of various kinds of
   events (rainfall, runoff, quality, etc.) are distributed over
   time.
